# td;lr

Instructions in the `README` for repo are also in included in the header
of `0_HW3.Rmd`. Answer the questions listed in `0_HW3.Rmd`. Use the
basic autograding system implemented in the same rmarkdown file ONLY as
a reference. Do **NOT** include additional files to your repo
(e.g. datasets; **penalty -2 points**).

## Quick feedback

The following “feedback” will update each time you render your homework.

    ✅ Question Q1 - Answer provided!
    ✅ Question Q2 - Answer provided!
    ✅ Question Q3 - Answer provided!
    ✅ Question Q4 - Answer provided!
    ✅ Question Q5.1 - Correct!
    ✅ Question Q5.2 - Correct!
    ✅ Question Q5.3 - Correct!
    ✅ Question Q5.4 - Correct!
    ✅ Question Q5.5 - Correct!
    ✅ Question Q5.6 - Correct!
    ❌ Question Q6.1 - Potentially incorrect
    ✅ Question Q6.2 - Correct!


       ⌛ Auto-grade 100 %,  10 / 10 points


       ⌛ Extra credit 100 %,  2 / 2 points

    Last updated on: 2022-10-31 14:11:14 MST

### Objectives

This homework is divided into two parts. The written portion aims for a
general description of one of the two datasets used in the hands-on
portion of the assignment. In the hands-on component of the assignment,
students will be asked to perform data manipulation operations using
either (1) `base` `R` or the (2) `tidyverse`.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Additional resources relevant to this HW

-   **R Markdown**: Please review the basic R Markdown cheat sheet in
    case you have any questions regarding formatting the HW:
    <https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/rmarkdown-cheatsheet.pdf>.

-   **R**: Please review the basic `R` cheat sheet in case you have any
    questions regarding the programming language:
    <https://www.soa.org/globalassets/assets/Files/Edu/2018/exam-pa-base-r.pdf>.

-   **RStudio**: Additional cheat sheets written by RStudio to help with
    specific R packages:
    <https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/>

### Scores and grading policies

There is a very basic auto-grading system implemented at the end of the
assignment. Use that workflow as a reference. **If you’re confident that
answer is correct but it’s still marked as Incorrect by the autograder,
please get in touch with the instructor.** Grades are **NOT exclusively
based on your final answers**. I will be grading the overall structure
and logic of your code. Feel free to use as many lines as you need to
answer each of the questions. I also highly recommend and strongly
encourage adding comments (`#`) to your code. Comments will certainly
improve the reproducibility and readability of your submission.
Commenting your code is also good coding practice. **Specifically for
the course, you’ll get better feedback if the instructor is able to
understand your code in detail.**

### Submission:

Information on the deadline for this HW is posted in D2L. Please get in
touch with the instructor if you’re (i) having issues opening the
assignment, (2) not understanding the questions or (3) having issues
submitting your assignment. Note that late submissions are subject to a
penalty (see late work policies in the Syllabus). By the deadline, you
should turn in a a `RMD` file (this file) **and** a rendered `HTML`
(hint: knit your `rmd`; link:
<https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-9.html>). Answers to each question
should be in the relevant block of code (see below). The instructor
won’t render your submission. **There’s no need to rename your
submission**. Make sure that you can correctly render your submission
without errors before turning anything in. If a given block of code is
causing issues and you didn’t get to fix it, please use the in the
relevant block and add comments. **This assignment must be submitted
through our GitHub Classroom before the deadline.**

### Time commitment

Please reach out if you’re taking more than ~18h to complete (1) this
HW, (2) reading the book chapters, and (3) going over the lectures. I
will be happy to provide accommodations if necessary. **Do not wait
until the last minute to start working on this HW**. In most cases,
working under pressure will certainly increase the time needed to answer
each of these questions and the instructor might not be 100% available
on Sundays to troubleshoot with you. Remember that you can sign up
office hours with the instructor 3 times a week.

### Looking for help?

First, please go over the relevant readings for this week. Second, if
you’re still struggling with any of the questions, do some independent
research (e.g. stackoverflow is a wonderful resource). Don’t forget that
your classmates will also be working on the same questions - reach out
for help (check under the Discussion forum for folks looking to interact
with other students in this class or start your own thread). Finally,
the instructor will be happy to answer any questions during office
hours. You can reach out to me by email (<cromanpa94@arizona.edu>) or
simply schedule a 15 minute meeting through **Calendly**
(<https://calendly.com/cromanpa/15min>). **Do not forget that the
instructor holds office hours 3 times a week!!**
